I suggest that if Pham Hien saved everyone...
Kill this bastard To Truong Tung again.
Why don't we let Pham Hien do this, martial arts leader?
I agree.
Pham Hien after we negotiated
This martial arts leader is not you.
I am not a martial artist.
I am just an ordinary person.
If you do not agree
We can't get up.
Okay, I promise.
Congratulations Pham Minh Chu
Pham Minh is a multi-talented and multi-learned person.
Excellent martial arts
Will definitely lead martial arts to a higher level.
Let's congratulate Pham Minh Chu with a smile on his face.
Smile
Dai Hao
If you have free time, read more books.
Have a glass of water.
Do you regret it?
Regret what?
If the future has no shadow of you
I don't need this longevity thing.
But you are still the leader of martial arts.
You are welcome here.
Haha.
It depends on who you live with.
But before that...
We have one more thing to do.
What are you doing?
Haha.
Ms. Chu, wait for me.
You can't eat by yourself.